# Research Project: Multi-Goal Shortest Path Optimization
Path finding is a common problem in computer science and is applied into many fields, including AI. The goal of pathfinding in AI is to enable the agent to navigate its environment and reach its destination from its start position while avoiding obstacles and minimizing the cost required to do so. Robot navigation Problem is one of the possible instances of pathfinding problems. <br />
In Robot navigation Problem, the environment is a grid map with several walls placed randomly around. Robot is initially placed at a valid empty cell and its goal is to reach one of specific cells, which are colored in green. In this problem, the robot needs to perceive its environment and plan its movement to avoid walls, reach its destination, and potentially optimize cost. <br />
Different approaches will be used to solve this problem. Three uninformed searches, which are BFS, DFS and Bi-directional BFS, are applied to help robot find the path to one of any goal grids. Meanwhile, other three informed searches, which are GBFS, A* and IDA*, are implemented to help robot find the path to the nearest possible goal. Among six of those algorithms, only BFS, A* and IDA* can yield the optimal path. <br />
A new algorithm using the idea of heuristic function is also proposed as a solution to research intuitive that finds the shortest path to visit all the goal cells. Its space and time complexity will be presented with a proof that no current algorithm can fully solve the problem. <br />
